sorry some details must have gotten mixed up. the DEC-10 system was in louisville (UofL), administered by mark hittinger. the kentucky universities had an agreement to share computing resources. UK (lexington) had an IBM mainframe. the DEC-10 was way more fun and interesting so that’s what got me hooked. there was a microwave link to louisville (~80 miles). eric and i met when the DEC-10 was still operational. same for sean casey. the hang out was mcvey hall where most of the computing resources were located (the IBM 360 mainframe was in the basement, TVI910+ terminals on the first floor). the DEC-10 shut down in 1985 if i recall. i think eric graduated by then. when the DEC-10 shut down, i started using local unix systems. labs popped up around the UK campus. one of those was with math sciences, a joint venture of the mathematics, statistics, and computer sciences departments. math sciences went the unix route which made sense as that’s where all the innovations were. (separate note - the mcvey folks stuck to their overpriced and useless IBM mainframe and fell behind the times). i met bill stoll, david herron, etc at math sciences, likely because sean moved to those unix systems and introduced them to me. bill wrote uniwar while at math sciences. i really am not aware of any connection with utexas. maybe mark hittinger had one, but i never even saw the DEC-10. i was just a remote user, and unauthorized for most of my time on that system so i was in the fringe as far as knowing details of how that system was operated by mark. 

ahha!!! ok, wasn't understanding meaning of UK - that helps! just meant decwar had spread from utexas up to that area and become uniwar there - seems like a cool part of the history!:) and the most fun part is that eric learned about it up there and then later arrived in austin and started working on decwar without knowing that was the starting point - it's really a fun kinda 'loop':)(Edited)

nicely 'packaged' for 'everyone', especially students, both authentic old decwar and state of the art new decwar - both old and new together, side by side - and here's the thing - to have ai 'agents' as part of the package so no-one ever again sees the game 'alone' - they always see a rousing battle, albeit ai agents - and then we're brainstorming doing some things with that in austin at the least - installation with cool audio and visual 'space' for people to explore and get hands on, and see some of the history of the whole saga - photos etc(Edited) celebration of everything around decwar and that era👍

Joel, for me this started as an exercising in thinking about what my students are going to do next fall. They are beginning/intermediate programmers and we do a lot of retro game reverse engineering and recreating.  I went down a text only path and that reminded me of you and Decwar years ago.  So I started looking in that direction, which led me to Harris Newman, who has been very helpful.  I decided in about a day this was way too much for my students, but I was already hooked on coding it (just as a personal challenge).  I also thought if they had a running system we could easily instrument they could do some cool graphics and sound around a running game.

In a totally coincidental side thread, I'd seen (nothing to do with decwar) that PiPD-10 work and asked my wife to get me one for my birthday.  That led to a posting by Noah in the PiDP-10 forum about a week after I'd started the port (which was kind mind blowing synchronicity) and then without asking Harris introduced me to Noah.
We also have an annual student/dept showcase in nov, so we are doing some thinking around that with Mk Haley, who is at UT and a former Disney Imagineer. Also a possible Siggraph event in 2026. This is literally a project that seems to be writing its own script as we go. Joel, I graduated in 88 I believe ,but had probably moved on to the AT&T unix lab and no longer visited McVey much (I think). then at Bloomington for 2 years, then Yale

