~s uniwar vs decwar
Sean,

Hre are the main differences between decwar and uniwar that
I can think of right away.  See the uniwar.hlp document for
more details.  In fact, if you grep for "wws" in uniwar.hlp,
you'll find a host of "not implemented yet" messages.  I don't
detail them here.

1) map of area around ship always on screen.  This is a pain
   for <4800 baud terminals, and cannot be disabled at present.
   However, hitting INTERRUPT is supposed to flush all incoming
   data (like ^O in decwar).  Not thoroughly tested (i.e., I
   haven't banged on the DEL key a lot like a player might).
   ^L redraws the screen.

2) Damage to devices -- warp engines aren't crippled until
   damaged 600 units, and impulse don't go out until damaged
   900.  These are tunable.  When a device is damaged 3x
   it's "crippled" point (e.g., warp engines damaged 1800),
   it is "destroyed" and can only be repaired at a starbase.
   "Damage" command does not accept an argument.

3) Conditions -- you are in condition RED whenever in range of
   an enemy; that is, whenever an enemy could hit you.  Moving,
   firing, docking, etc do NOT put you in condition GREEN.

4) Range of enemy ports -- enemy planets have a range of at LEAST
   two.  A 3-built planet has a range of three, 4-built has range
   of four, and base has range of five (one greater than that of
   Decwar).

5) Capturing enemy planets -- you can't capture a fortified
   planet -- attempts to do so remove one fortification from the
   planet.  This is the way MEGAWARS works...

6) UNIWAROPTS environment var replaces decwar.ini.

7) TAB replaces ESC as the "repeat last command" character.  Note
   that the next to last line on the screen has the last command
   displayed with a count (how many times it's been executed).
   David Herron suggested a ksh-like "remember last N commands"
   interface.  Maybe later...

8) No way to abort stacked commands (maybe next release)...

9) Commands BASE, PLANETS, SHIPS, SUMMARY, and TARGETS changed
   slightly and are much more free syntax.  See uniwar.hlp.

10) POints command will not accept arguments.

11) RAdio will not allow gagging yet.

12) SC and SR are synonyms.  If you're sitting and doing nothing,
    might be a good idea to hit "sc" a periodically, since the
    screen is only updated after a command (and is not updated
    after "info" commands such as LIst, DAmage, etc).

13) TEll command supports "range" argument -- "tell all ships
    in range N of me" (can't raise enemy ships out of ship's range).

NOTES for config.h
------------------
1) ignore PWAIT (not used if Alarms enabled as they should be!).
2) Set ALRMSEC to 2 or 3 for 3b2 if you think you're having problems
   because of too many alarms flying around.  That symbolic constant
   is used to determine how often the daemon wakes up and does
   housekeeping.
3) Since I don't use floating point, I multiplied some of my constants
   by 100 -- this might be confusing but od't worry about it.

Finally
-------
Uniwar doesn't "feel like decwar" in many ways -- e.g., takes too
long to kill a base using phasers? too hard to nova stars? Anyway,
I'd be interested in hearing about such differences that are degrading
the quality of the game.

Bill
